The aging patriarch of an organized crime dynasty transfers control of his clandestine empire to his reluctant son.
Two imprisoned men bond over a number of years, finding solace and eventual redemption through acts of common decency.
In German-occupied Poland during World War II, Oskar Schindler gradually becomes concerned for his Jewish workforce after witnessing their persecution by the Nazi Germans.
Emotionally self-destructive boxer, Jake La Motta\'s journey through life, as the violence and temper that leads him to the top in the ring destroys his life outside it.
In Casablanca in December 1941, a cynical American expatriate encounters a former lover, with unforeseen complications.
Following the death of a publishing tycoon, news reporters scramble to discover the meaning of his final utterance.
A manipulative woman and a roguish man conduct a turbulent romance during the American Civil War and Reconstruction periods.
Dorothy Gale is swept away from a farm in Kansas to a magical land of Oz in a tornado and embarks on a quest with her new friends to see the Wizard who can help her return home in Kansas and help her friends as well.
A criminal pleads insanity after getting into trouble again and once in the mental institution rebels against the oppressive nurse and rallies up the scared patients.
The story of T.E. Lawrence, the English officer who successfully united and led the diverse, often warring, Arab tribes during World War I in order to fight the Turks.
A San Francisco detective suffering from acrophobia investigates the strange activities of an old friend\'s wife, all the while becoming dangerously obsessed with her.
A Phoenix secretary embezzles $40,000 from her employer\'s client, goes on the run, and checks into a remote motel run by a young man under the domination of his mother.
The early life and career of Vito Corleone in 1920s New York City is portrayed, while his son, Michael, expands and tightens his grip on the family crime syndicate.
An ex-prize fighter turned longshoreman struggles to stand up to his corrupt union bosses.
A screenwriter is hired to rework a faded silent film star\'s script, only to find himself developing a dangerous relationship.
The presidencies of Kennedy and Johnson, Vietnam, Watergate, and other history unfold through the perspective of an Alabama man with an IQ of 75.
A woman leaves an Austrian convent to become a governess to the children of a Naval officer widower.
A jury holdout attempts to prevent a miscarriage of justice by forcing his colleagues to reconsider the evidence.
Two youngsters from rival New York City gangs fall in love, but tensions between their respective friends build toward tragedy.
Luke Skywalker joins forces with a Jedi Knight, a cocky pilot, a Wookiee and two droids to save the galaxy from the Empire\'s world-destroying battle-station while also attempting to rescue Princess Leia from the evil Darth Vader.
Humanity finds a mysterious, obviously artificial object buried beneath the Lunar surface and, with the intelligent computer H.A.L. 9000, sets off on a quest.
A troubled child summons the courage to help a friendly alien escape Earth and return to his home world.
A young F.B.I. cadet must receive the help of an incarcerated and manipulative cannibal killer to help catch another serial killer, a madman who skins his victims.
A private detective hired to expose an adulterer finds himself caught up in a web of deceit, corruption, and murder.
After settling his differences with a Japanese PoW camp commander, a British colonel co-operates to oversee his men\'s construction of a railway bridge for their captors - while oblivious to a plan by the Allies to destroy it.
A silent film production company and cast make a difficult transition to sound.
An angel is sent from Heaven to help a desperately frustrated businessman by showing him what life would have been like if he had never existed.
An insane general triggers a path to nuclear holocaust that a war room full of politicians and generals frantically tries to stop.
When two male musicians witness a mob hit, they flee the state in an all-female band disguised as women, but further complications set in.
When a Jewish prince is betrayed and sent into slavery by a Roman friend, he regains his freedom and comes back for revenge.
During the Vietnam War, Captain Willard is sent on a dangerous mission into Cambodia to assassinate a renegade Colonel who has set himself up as a god among a local tribe.
The incredible story of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, told by his peer and secret rival Antonio Salieri - now confined to an insane asylum.
Gandalf and Aragorn lead the World of Men against Sauron\'s army to draw his gaze from Frodo and Sam as they approach Mount Doom with the One Ring.
When a Roman General is betrayed, and his family murdered by an emperor\'s corrupt son, he comes to Rome as a gladiator to seek revenge.
A seventeen-year-old aristocrat falls in love with a kind but poor artist aboard the luxurious, ill-fated R.M.S. Titanic.
In Hawaii in 1941, a private is cruelly punished for not boxing on his unit\'s team, while his captain\'s wife and second-in-command are falling in love.
Following the Normandy Landings, a group of U.S. soldiers go behind enemy lines to retrieve a paratrooper whose brothers have been killed in action.
Retired Old West gunslinger William Munny reluctantly takes on one last job, with the help of his old partner and a young man.
Archaeologist and adventurer Indiana Jones is hired by the U.S. government to find the Ark of the Covenant before the Nazis.
Rocky Balboa, a small-time boxer, gets a supremely rare chance to fight heavy-weight champion Apollo Creed in a bout in which he strives to go the distance for his self-respect.
Disturbed Blanche DuBois moves in with her sister in New Orleans and is tormented by her brutish brother-in-law while her reality crumbles around her.
When a rich woman\'s ex-husband and a tabloid-type reporter turn up just before her planned remarriage, she begins to learn the truth about herself.
Atticus Finch, a lawyer in the Depression-era South, defends a black man against an undeserved rape charge, and his children against prejudice.
Three friends struggle to find work in Paris. Things become more complicated when two of them fall in love with the same woman.
Three World War II veterans return home to small-town America to discover that they and their families have been irreparably changed.
A snobbish phonetics professor agrees to a wager that he can take a flower girl and make her presentable in high society.
In the future, a sadistic gang leader is imprisoned and volunteers for a conduct-aversion experiment, but it doesn\'t go as planned.
The life of a Russian physician and poet who, although married to another, falls in love with a political activist\'s wife and experiences hardship during the First World War and then the October Revolution.
An American Civil War veteran embarks on a journey to rescue his niece from the Comanches.
A local sheriff, a marine biologist and an old seafarer team up to hunt down a great white shark wrecking havoc in a beach resort.
The World War II phase of the career of the controversial American general, George S. Patton.
Two Western bank and train robbers flee to Bolivia when the law gets too close.
Fred Dobbs and Bob Curtin, two Americans searching for work in Mexico, convince an old prospector to help them mine for gold in the Sierra Madre Mountains.
A bounty hunting scam joins two men in an uneasy alliance against a third in a race to find a fortune in gold buried in a remote cemetery.
A man tries to rise in his company by letting its executives use his apartment for trysts, but complications and a romance of his own ensue.
A young soldier in Vietnam faces a moral crisis when confronted with the horrors of war and the duality of man.
A town Marshal, despite the disagreements of his newlywed bride and the townspeople around him, must face a gang of deadly killers alone at high noon when the gang leader, an outlaw he sent up years ago, arrives on the noon train.
When his secret bride is executed for assaulting an English soldier who tried to rape her, Sir William Wallace begins a revolt against King Edward I of England.
Lieutenant John Dunbar, assigned to a remote western Civil War outpost, befriends wolves and Indians, making him an intolerable aberration in the military.
During a preview tour, a theme park suffers a major power breakdown that allows its cloned dinosaur exhibits to run amok.
When a teenage girl is possessed by a mysterious entity, her mother seeks the help of two priests to save her daughter.
A Polish Jewish musician struggles to survive the destruction of the Warsaw ghetto of World War II.
The story of Henry Hill and his life in the mob, covering his relationship with his wife Karen Hill and his mob partners Jimmy Conway and Tommy DeVito in the Italian-American crime syndicate.
An in-depth examination of the ways in which the U.S. Vietnam War impacts and disrupts the lives of people in a small industrial town in Pennsylvania.
A young soldier faces profound disillusionment in the soul-destroying horror of World War I.
Bonnie Parker, a bored waitress falls in love with an ex-con named Clyde Barrow and together they start a violent crime spree through the country, robbing cars and banks.
A pair of NYC cops in the Narcotics Bureau stumble onto a drug smuggling job with a French connection.
With the aid of a wealthy erratic tippler, a dewy-eyed tramp who has fallen in love with a sightless flower girl accumulates money to be able to help her medically.
A spoiled heiress running away from her family is helped by a man who is actually a reporter in need of a story.
A poor boy gets a job working for his rich uncle and ends up falling in love with two women.
A naive hustler travels from Texas to New York to seek personal fortune but, in the process, finds himself a new friend.
A naive man is appointed to fill a vacancy in the United States Senate. His plans promptly collide with political corruption, but he doesn\'t back down.
Selfish yuppie Charlie Babbitt\'s father left a fortune to his savant brother Raymond and a pittance to Charlie; they travel cross-country.
Neurotic New York comedian Alvy Singer falls in love with the ditzy Annie Hall.
Jerry Lundegaard\'s inept crime falls apart due to his and his henchmen\'s bungling and the persistent police work of the quite pregnant Marge Gunderson.
Sprawling epic covering the life of a Texas cattle rancher and his family and associates.
A weary gunfighter attempts to settle down with a homestead family, but a smoldering settler/rancher conflict forces him to act.
A poor Midwest family is forced off their land. They travel to California, suffering the misfortunes of the homeless in the Great Depression.
The lives of guards on Death Row are affected by one of their charges: a black man accused of child murder and rape, yet who has a mysterious gift.
After an accidental encounter with otherworldly vessels, an ordinary man follows a series of psychic clues to the first scheduled meeting between representatives of Earth and visitors from the cosmos.
Over the course of a few hectic days, numerous interrelated people prepare for a political convention as secrets and lies are surfaced and revealed.
A television network cynically exploits a deranged former anchor\'s ravings and revelations about the news media for its own profit.
A disillusioned college graduate finds himself torn between his older lover and her daughter.
A couple of high school grads spend one final night cruising the strip with their buddies before they go off to college.
The lives of two mob hitmen, a boxer, a gangster\'s wife, and a pair of diner bandits intertwine in four tales of violence and redemption.
Follows hard-to-please Aurora looking for love, and her daughter\'s family problems.
Will Hunting, a janitor at M.I.T., has a gift for mathematics, but needs help from a psychologist to find direction in his life.
In Africa during World War I, a gin-swilling riverboat captain is persuaded by a strait-laced missionary to use his boat to attack an enemy warship.
A group of people traveling on a stagecoach find their journey complicated by the threat of Geronimo and learn something about each other in the process.
A tyrannical ship captain decides to exact revenge on his abused crew after they form a mutiny against him, but the sailor he targets had no hand in it.
Dictator Adenoid Hynkel tries to expand his empire while a poor Jewish barber tries to avoid persecution from Hynkel\'s regime.
An insurance representative lets himself be talked into a murder/insurance fraud scheme that arouses an insurance investigator\'s suspicions.
A private detective takes on a case that involves him with three eccentric criminals, a gorgeous liar, and their quest for a priceless statuette.
A servant in the house of Wuthering Heights tells a traveler the unfortunate tale of lovers Cathy and Heathcliff.
A mentally unstable veteran works as a nighttime taxi driver in New York City, where the perceived decadence and sleaze fuels his urge for violent action, while attempting to liberate a twelve-year-old prostitute.
A wheelchair-bound photographer spies on his neighbours from his apartment window and becomes convinced one of them has committed murder.
Pulp novelist Holly Martins travels to shadowy, postwar Vienna, only to find himself investigating the mysterious death of an old friend, Harry Lime.
A rebellious young man with a troubled past comes to a new town, finding friends and enemies.
A hapless New York advertising executive is mistaken for a government agent by a group of foreign spies, and is pursued across the country while he looks for a way to survive.
The life of the renowned musical composer, playwright, actor, dancer, and singer George M. Cohan.
